Don't move, I'm just going to buy a wowotou
I don't know anything.
Squat down and be honest with me
This medicine is called aspirin
I need him to treat the wounded
Anyone who has this medicine
Be honest with me
Aspirin
Api, who dares to try it?
You immediately send him to see Yama
We haven't seen it, we don't know.
No, right?
Pull out an old me for me, I'll think about it again
I think I can't stop the medicine before dark
How to die
Aspirin
That's a lifesaver.
If I replicate with a cornucopia
Will the army thank me?
In the Republic of China
Power comes out of the barrel of the gun
That officer
I have seen that medicine
I can find it.
Where have you seen it?
Hand over that officer, I can't take it out now
As long as you give me time
I will definitely be able to come out of inferior quality.
Are you out of your fucking mind?
Do you want me to give you all the points?
Wait a minute.
Can't get a thousand pills before dark
You regret standing in this world
Give him a pill
Here you go. Look good.
Wrong order, no problem.
Okay, that should be about it.
The cornucopia seems to have cracked
Can't I get it dirty in my hands?